README.md, before:

# Quick Start: Node.js and MongoDB

This repository will walk you through the process of quickly getting started using Node.js and MongoDB together.  

[Lauren Schaefer](https://github.com/ljhaywar) is actively working to add files to this repo and drafting a blog series that will walk you through the code.  She will be updating this readme as she publishes blog posts.

## Topics

* How to get connected to your database: [blog post](https://www.mongodb.com/blog/post/quick-start-nodejs-mongodb--how-to-get-connected-to-your-database) | [code example](connection.js)
* Creating documents: [blog post](https://www.mongodb.com/blog/post/quick-start-nodejs--mongodb--how-to-create-documents) | [code example](create.js)
* Reading documents: [blog post](https://www.mongodb.com/blog/post/quick-start-nodejs--mongodb--how-to-read-documents) | [code example](read.js)
* Updating documents: [blog post](https://www.mongodb.com/blog/post/quick-start-nodejs--mongodb--how-to-update-documents) | [code example](update.js)
* Deleting documents: [blog post](https://www.mongodb.com/blog/post/quick-start-nodejs--mongodb--how-to-delete-documents) | [code example](delete.js)
* The aggregation framework: [blog post](https://www.mongodb.com/blog/post/quick-start-nodejs--mongodb--how-to-analyze-data-using-the-aggregation-framework) | [code example](aggregation.js)
* Transactions: [blog post](https://www.mongodb.com/blog/post/quick-start-nodejs--mongodb--how-to-implement-transactions) | [code example](transaction.js)
* Change streams: [blog post](https://www.mongodb.com/blog/post/node-js-change-streams-and-triggers) | [code example](changeStreams.js)

## Related Videos

[How to Perform the CRUD Operations Using MongoDB & Node.js](https://youtu.be/ayNI9Q84v8g)

Commit message:

Add version & community info to readme

README.md, after:

# Quick Start: Node.js and MongoDB

This repository will walk you through the process of quickly getting started using Node.js and MongoDB together.  

This branch uses MongoDB 4.0, MongoDB Node.js Driver 3.3.2, and Node.js 10.16.3. To see the latest version, visit the [master branch](https://github.com/mongodb-developer/nodejs-quickstart).

## Topics

* How to get connected to your database: [blog post](https://www.mongodb.com/blog/post/quick-start-nodejs-mongodb--how-to-get-connected-to-your-database) | [code example](connection.js)
* Creating documents: [blog post](https://www.mongodb.com/blog/post/quick-start-nodejs--mongodb--how-to-create-documents) | [code example](create.js)
* Reading documents: [blog post](https://www.mongodb.com/blog/post/quick-start-nodejs--mongodb--how-to-read-documents) | [code example](read.js)
* Updating documents: [blog post](https://www.mongodb.com/blog/post/quick-start-nodejs--mongodb--how-to-update-documents) | [code example](update.js)
* Deleting documents: [blog post](https://www.mongodb.com/blog/post/quick-start-nodejs--mongodb--how-to-delete-documents) | [code example](delete.js)
* The aggregation framework: [blog post](https://www.mongodb.com/blog/post/quick-start-nodejs--mongodb--how-to-analyze-data-using-the-aggregation-framework) | [code example](aggregation.js)
* Transactions: [blog post](https://www.mongodb.com/blog/post/quick-start-nodejs--mongodb--how-to-implement-transactions) | [code example](transaction.js)
* Change streams: [blog post](https://www.mongodb.com/blog/post/node-js-change-streams-and-triggers) | [code example](changeStreams.js)

## Related Videos

[How to Perform the CRUD Operations Using MongoDB & Node.js](https://youtu.be/ayNI9Q84v8g)

## Questions?

Questions about this repo or how to use MongoDB and Node.js together?  Ask them in the [MongoDB Community](https://community.mongodb.com).
